This is the Debian version of the SCGI package.  The original SCGI
package is copyrighted by the Corporation for National Research
Initiatives and by others.  The original source was downloaded from
http://quixote.python.ca/releases/.

This version of the SCGI package is derived from scgi 1.10, released
by CNRI.  See the section below titled "CNRI OPEN SOURCE LICENSE"
for the licensing terms of that release.  Changes made since that
release are summarized in the CHANGES.txt file along with a list of
authors. Those changes are made available under the following terms
(commonly known as the MIT/X license).

****************************************************************************

Copyright (c) the SCGI package developers

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

****************************************************************************

CNRI OPEN SOURCE LICENSE AGREEMENT

IMPORTANT: PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING AGREEMENT CAREFULLY.  BY
COPYING, INSTALLING OR OTHERWISE USING SCGI-1.10 SOFTWARE, YOU ARE
DEEMED TO HAVE AGREED TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS LICENSE
AGREEMENT.

1. This LICENSE AGREEMENT is between Corporation for National
   Research Initiatives, having an office at 1895 Preston White
   Drive, Reston, VA 20191 ("CNRI"), and the Individual or
   Organization ("Licensee") copying, installing or otherwise using
   scgi-1.10 software in source or binary form and its associated
   documentation ("scgi-1.10").

2. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License Agreement,
   CNRI hereby grants Licensee a nonexclusive, royalty-free, world-
   wide license to reproduce, analyze, test, perform and/or display
   publicly, prepare derivative works, distribute, and otherwise use
   scgi-1.10 alone or in any derivative version, provided, however,
   that CNRI's License Agreement and CNRI's notice of copyright,
   i.e., "Copyright (c) 2004 Corporation for National Research
   Initiatives; All Rights Reserved" are retained in scgi-1.10 alone
   or in any derivative version prepared by Licensee.

3. In the event Licensee prepares a derivative work that is based on
   or incorporates scgi-1.10 or any part thereof, and wants to make
   the derivative work available to others as provided herein, then
   Licensee hereby agrees to include in any such work a brief
   summary of the changes made to scgi-1.10.

4. CNRI is making scgi-1.10 available to Licensee on an "AS IS"
   basis.  CNRI MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
   IMPLIED.  BY WAY OF EXAMPLE, BUT NOT LIMITATION, CNRI MAKES NO
   AND DISCLAIMS ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY
   OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR THAT THE USE OF SCGI-1.10
   WILL NOT INFRINGE ANY THIRD PARTY RIGHTS.

5. CNRI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE OR ANY OTHER USERS OF SCGI-
   1.10 FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR LOSS
   AS A RESULT OF MODIFYING, DISTRIBUTING, OR OTHERWISE USING SCGI-
   1.10, OR ANY DERIVATIVE THEREOF, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
   POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

6. This License Agreement will automatically terminate upon a
   material breach of its terms and conditions.

7. This License Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in
   all respects by the law of the State of Virginia, excluding
   Virginia's conflict of law provisions.  Nothing in this License
   Agreement shall be deemed to create any relationship of agency,
   partnership, or joint venture between CNRI and Licensee.  This
   License Agreement does not grant permission to use CNRI
   trademarks or trade name in a trademark sense to endorse or
   promote products or services of Licensee, or any third party.

8. By copying, installing or otherwise using scgi-1.10, Licensee
   agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this License
   Agreement.

